UICIRC-416 - add possible for render all available tokens on pick slip (#517)
folio-org/ui-requests: CHANGELOG.md

* Include effective call number elements in the Hold shelf clearance report. Refs UIREQ-368.
* Only fetch open loans when loading an item. Fixes UIREQ-353.
* Make `Export hold shelf clearance report` for `CurrentServicePoint` disabled if there is nothing on it for the currently selected service point. Fixes UIREQ-395.

> * Add possible for render all available tokens on pick slip. Fixes UICIRC-416.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add possibility to render all available tokens on pick slip. Fixes UICIRC-416.
```
